Adding conditional variables and renotify option (#6711)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/browser_tests/_index.md

An alert is triggered if any assertion fails for `<INSERT_NUMBER>` minutes from any `<INSERT_NUMBER>` of `<NUMBER_OF_CHOSEN>` locations.

### Notify your team

A notification is sent according to the set of alerting conditions. To configure your notifications:

> 1. Enter a **message** for the browser test. This field allows standard [Markdown formatting][6] and supports the below [conditional variables][7]:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Enter a **message** for the browser test. This field allows standard [Markdown formatting][6] and supports the following [conditional variables][7]:
```

    | Conditional Variable       | Description                                                         |
    |----------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------|
    | `{{#is_alert}}`            | Show when monitor alerts                                            |
    | `{{^is_alert}}`            | Show unless monitor alerts                                          |
    | `{{#is_recovery}}`         | Show when monitor recovers from either ALERT   |
    | `{{^is_recovery}}`         | Show unless monitor recovers from either ALERT |

    Notification messages include the **message** defined in this section and information about the failing locations.

2. Choose your [services][7] and/or team members to notify.

> 3. Specify a renotification frequency. If you don't want to be renotified in case your test keeps failing, leave the option to `Never renotify if the monitor has not been resolved`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Specify a renotification frequency. To prevent renotification for constantly failing tests, leave the option as `Never renotify if the monitor has not been resolved`.
```

Author: ```suggestion
3. Specify a renotification frequency. To prevent renotification on failing tests, leave the option as `Never renotify if the monitor has not been resolved`.
```

> 4. Click **Save Details and Record Test** to save your browser test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click **Save Details and Record Test**.
```

> 5. Start to record your test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Record your test.
```
